Update health-endpoints.md (#104)
osisoft/PI-Adapter: shared-content/configuration/health-endpoints.md

| **Password**                    | Required for PI Web API endpoints   | `string`    | The password used to authenticate with a PI Web API OMF endpoint <br><br>_PI server:_<br>Allowed value: any string<br>Default: `null`|
| **ClientId**                    | Required for OCS endpoints          | `string`    | The client ID used for authentication with an OSIsoft Cloud Services OMF endpoint <br><br>Allowed value: any string<br>Default: `null` |
| **ClientSecret**                | Required for OCS endpoints          | `string`    | The client secret used for authentication with an OSIsoft Cloud Services OMF endpoint <br><br>Allowed value: any string<br>Default: `null`|

> | **DebugExpiration** | Optional | string | Enables logging of detailed information, for each outbound HTTP request pertaining to this egress endpoint, to disk. The value represents the date and time this detailed information should stop being saved. Examples of valid strings representing date and time: UTC: "yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ", Local: "mm-dd-yyyy hh:mm:ss". For more information, see {link to troubleshooting section} |

Reviewer: I'd suggest to add default value "null" which means debug is disabled. to enable it, users shall add a valid timestamp, and the detailed logging between now and specified DebugExpiration time will be persisted on disk

> | **DebugExpiration** | Optional | string | Enables logging of detailed information, for each outbound HTTP request pertaining to this egress endpoint, to disk. The value represents the date and time this detailed information should stop being saved. Examples of valid strings representing date and time: UTC: "yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ", Local: "mm-dd-yyyy hh:mm:ss". For more information, see {link to troubleshooting section} |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **DebugExpiration** | Optional | string | Enables logging of detailed information to disk for each outbound HTTP request pertaining to the egress endpoint. The value represents the date and time this detailed information should stop being saved. The value represents the date and time this detailed information should stop being saved. Examples of valid strings representing date and time:  UTC: `yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ`, Local: `mm-dd-yyyy hh:mm:ss`. For more information, see [Egress debug logging](xref:TroubleshootTheAdapter#egress-debug-logging) |
```
```suggestion
| **DebugExpiration** | Optional | string | Enables logging of detailed information, for each outbound HTTP request pertaining to this egress endpoint, to disk. The value represents the date and time this detailed information should stop being saved. Examples of valid strings representing date and time: UTC: "yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ", Local: "mm-dd-yyyy hh:mm:ss". For more information, see {link to troubleshooting section} |
```
